We had extremely positive and productive
conversations and meetings today.
The people of China and the United
States are great peoples. Achieving the
great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation
and making America great again can go
hand in hand. We can help each other
succeed and advance the well-being of
the whole world.
>> It's 9:00 a.m. in Beijing, Shanghai, and
Shenzhen. We're looking ahead to the
conclusion of the Trump she summit
[music] after the first day saw an
exchange of warm words but also warning
from shei on Taiwan. [music] You're
watching the China show. I'm Ivon man
with David.
>> We are counting down to the open at
markets in [music] greater China this
Friday. Coming up here on the show we
discuss the key takeaways from the
summit so far and really gauge [music]
sentiment uh with business leaders and
analysts including an adviser to China's
[music] foreign ministry. Also ahead,
Asian stocks on course for a six-w
weekly gain after the AI trade [music]
fuels fresh Wall Street records.
Nvidia's market cap nearing $6 trillion
[music] as Taiwan stocks get an upgrade.
[music]
All right, it [music] is the last day of
course of this summit. There's still
going to be bilateral tea, I believe,
and a lunch coming up, but certainly
we're still parsing through some of the
readout readouts from the US and China
after, of course, day one of these
talks. There have been some key
differences. I think the Taiwan issue
certainly was put front and center given
that readout came out pretty early while
the two were still talking. And a little
bit more from this Jameson Greer
interview that Marie just did too as
well about where things stand when it
comes to rare earth and ships. Yeah,
that's going to be a key topic, right?
So, as we move on from this, what would
be the landmark, the milestones over the
next few weeks for us to really gauge
the momentum coming out of this and
whether or not, of course, that
invitation that was extended uh to the
Chinese president to visit the White
House September 24th will actually be
one that is uh eventually accepted. Uh
and of course, just to also mention, we
do have of course someone joining us on
the shows who was actually at the
banquet yesterday and overnight. So just
to give us a sense of the tone in the
room, what were discussed and of course
he is an adviser of course at the
foreign ministry.
>> What was on the menu?
>> Yes. What was his favorite?
>> What songs were they playing
>> that's going to be [laughter] and
whether or not they did play reports
said they they played YMCA and that has
of course some a larger significance
than the actual song itself which we'll
get to uh later on. So, you know, as far
as markets go, the momentum somewhat
seeping out as I speak, although we are
getting Taiwan, which I'll get to in a
moment, but we had a really good day
yesterday uh overnight coming into the
session today. We talked about, of
course, Nvidia and 6 trillion, and
that's the next big uh market story to
track as we go into next week. Of
course, just keep that in mind. Uh apart
from that though, Korea was above 8,000.
We're below that currently. Taiwan is
coming online. We are getting a this
upgrade coming through out of JP Morgan.
So, they're upping their forecast by
4,000 and that's playing out across this
market. TSMC's gapping higher at the
open. Did very well uh overnight. And my
guess is by the end of the session
today, we'll get confirmation on Monday.
This is what my personal guess
>> is. I think Taiwan will likely surpass
India by early next week is the fifth
biggest.
>> You don't think Korea will get there
before Taiwan does? We'll see. I mean, a
10% day in Korea is is is [laughter]
something that we need to be accustomed
to.
>> That JP Morgan line was interesting,
right? Bold cases now 50,000. That's
implying another 20% upside. And they
say when it comes to the pure play
exposure to the AI buildout, they still
think Taiwan wins overall.
>> Yeah. Just because of like how
effectively more widespread and and
spread out really the the representation
is across that supply chain. a reminder
of what happened overnight and I think
when you look at some of the China
proxies we are likely going to see a
pullback across Chinese equities today.
Uh that's not to say activity has uh
also seeped out somewhat. I mean you
look at turnover another day north of 3
trillion. The remmbb has been on an
absolute tear. Uh last we checked we're
still up on the day from the cutoff
which might which effectively makes it
now 12 straight days of gains on on CH.
It's now the longest ever uh well the
longest in at least nine years. And of
course, this big yet again another big
tech company hitting the markets here.
>> I mean, Alphabet has basically continued
with this epic bond sale, right? And
they've gone global, right? Now, they're
hitting the yen market as well, right?
In the last four months, they're talking
about nearly 60 billion dollars in this
borrowing spree here. And it really has
ranked as one of the biggest corporate
uh sort of binges that we've seen. So
yes, they've gone to the Euro market,
pound, Swiss franks, dollar, Canadian
dollar, now yen.
>> Uh which is fascinating given how yields
are picking up there. That's a I guess a
separate story. Yeah.
>> Uh but it just goes into the same story
we were talking about, right? How are
they fueling and funding this AI play
that's funding this massive rally we're
seeing this part of the world. Anyway,
we can get to all of that in a moment.
But yeah, let's, you know, as we, you
know, wrap up wrapped up day one and we
make our way into the last last few
hours of of this half day of course, uh,
in Beijing and really what we need to be
watching very closely in the weeks ahead
to really give us a gauge of progress as
far as that relationship is concerned.
>> Let's bring in our team covering Trump's
visit in Beijing. Our chief nature
correspondent, Stephen Engel, is outside
the Forbidden City. Also with us is
Bloomberg surveillance co-anchor Emory
Hordern. Steve, let's start with you.
I'm sure you've been reading the the
readouts from both sides, the US as well
as China. What stood out to you?
>> Well, I think you know a lot of people
are trying to interpret and that is our
job to interpret what are the potential
deliverables. We've gotten a few
deliverables already, but it's also with
these state uh visits uh in particular
one fairly truncated like this only
about 36 hours and there's going to be
more talks today that tea and photo
shoot at the Jong Nan High leadership
compound which is just on the other side
of the moat of the forbidden city here
uh essentially the working palace if you
will for Cinping with Donald Trump uh to
kind of continue that conversation that
they had not only in the uh bilateral
behind closed doors, semi-closed doors
at the Great Hall of the People for 2
and a half hours, but also in their
stroll through the grounds of the Temple
of Heaven yesterday afternoon. Uh
they're going to as well have a a
working lunch uh before Donald Trump
gets back on Air Force One and heads
back to Washington DC. So again, those
deliverables. Um there's some trade
deals that were were announced by Donald
Trump uh in an interview with Fox News
about some 200 airplane purchases. the
intent from China, from Boeing, uh it
fell short of market expectations of
perhaps an airplane order of upwards of
500 craft, including Boeing 737 Maxes.
Donald Trump talked about a couple of
hundred widebody jets. So, we'll
probably have to flesh out the details
of that order. Uh first time really that
China has done a significant order since
the last time Trump was here, 2017.
There was an order in 2020 that ended up
being kaibos because of co Uh there's
also developments on the beef front. So,
Representative Steve Danes, who was
essentially sort of an emissary for
Donald Trump, who was here last year at
the CDF, China Development Forum, he was
again in a pre-summit trip to China
representing agricultural states,
including the beef lobby. So, he's
getting beef, American beef, back on the
table of Chinese uh families uh so they
can have their filet minan. That's a
good thing because 14 months uh earlier,
China in retaliation, if you will, uh
for these tariffs pulled beef, buying
beef from American slaughter houses. So,
a couple hundred uh US slaughter houses
will see those licensed for import to
China approved. Uh the bigger
deliverables on chips, and I don't want
to steal an Marie's thunder because she
had a fantastic interview, no doubt,
with Jameson Greer. But I found it
interesting that Jameson Greer said the
chip export controls were not discussed
in that two and a half hour uh bilateral
between she and Trump. Really quickly
before we do hand it off to Ann Marie
again for her recap of that interview.
Uh the overall tone was cordial no doubt
but keep in mind Taiwan was at the front
and center of the message that Xiinping
wanted to give. So much so that it
basically preempted the end of the
bilateral. Came out before they finished
talking, showing to me that China wanted
to emphasize it's a red line, the Taiwan
issue. As long as everything is handled
well between China and the United States
regarding Taiwan, relationships will be
on good footing. But if it's not handled
well, there could be significant dangers
in that relationship.
Yeah, the nogo zone is is quite clear
given the timing of how quickly that was
released. Steve and Marine, let me bring
you in. And Steve just mentioned, of
course, fantastic interview uh earlier
on with Jameson Greer. You guys touched
on many things, some color and
discussions, Iran/Hormuse.
What stood out to you?
>> Well, I would agree with Steve. I think
something that stood out to me is the
regarding the semiconductors. this
wasn't a topic of discussion even though
Jensen Wong was obviously a prominent
CEO to join this trip last minute picked
up at the refueling stock uh stop in
Alaska and on top of that there was this
Reuters report that the United States
gave the green light for H200s to be
sold into China we already knew that the
United States did that in January and
Jameson Greer made it very clear in this
interview that it's up to the Chinese to
allow these firms to purchase them. So
we are still waiting on whether or not
we will see Alibaba, Tencent and some of
these Chinese companies actually have
the go-ahad from Beijing and the
government to purchase H200s. And I
think the other thing um and we can hear
a little bit from that interview with
Jameson Greer in a second. I think what
stood out to me is the United States,
this White House in their readout in
their discussions, they want to make it
clear they're walking away with
purchasing agreements. But besides
Boeing, besides beef, and besides
soybeans, I didn't get a sense that
there's anything else that the United
States is going to have in terms of big
wins from this meeting. Take a listen to
what Jameson Greer had to say.
>> Coming out of of this week, you heard
the president today talk about uh the
Boeings and you know, hundreds of
Boeings being purchased by China. Uh we
already have a soybean deal with them
from our prior meetings of 25 million
metric tonses a year over the next three
years. And we expect to also see an
agreement for uh doubledigit billion
purchases of a over the next three years
per year. We want to focus on
non-sensitive goods we think we should
be selling them things we things we
think we should be buying from them
trying to facilitate trade in that area.
Uh and then we'll from there uh we'll be
able to interact with our Chinese
colleagues and negotiate with them.
>> I got a sense from ambass ambassador G
that there is this willingness and he
said that to extend the trade truce.
they will have this board of trade. He
confirmed that 30 billion number that's
been floating around. So in terms of
trade, it does seem stable. And then
interesting on Taiwan, Steve is 100%
right. This became the thorniest issue.
It was very odd that this became the
issue while the principles, President Xi
and President Trump were still in a
meeting. But Ambassador Greer says this
isn't the sharpest he's heard the
Chinese speak about Taiwan. And this is
pretty much the status quo when you go
into meetings with their Chinese
counterparts.
>> Yeah, it is normal for China to raise
the Taiwan uh as an issue. Don't expect
it though to obviously affect other
things. Uh team, fantastic. Thank you.
Steven Angel there, our chief North Asia
correspondent outside of Forbidden City
and also Anmarie Hord surveillance
co-anchor uh with us also out of
Beijing. Uh coming up here on the China
show, we'll get more analysis on the
Trump she meeting with Fuan University's
Wuing Boho is an adviser to the foreign
ministry and was also at the state
[music] banquet in Beijing last night.
>> And we're also coming down in the open,
a trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong
Kong. We continue [music] to track this
tech trade, this AI trade that continues
here for another day as we wrap up what
[music] has been a pretty eventful week
for markets here. And when it comes to
futures, [music] this is what's looking
like here right now. This is the China
show.
It's the the morning after really that
quite historic banquet. I'm sure lots of
you [music] have seen many of the
photos, viral and not viral selfies, the
the spread that was there, the [music]
guest list, the speeches, the toast,
perhaps even the music is being talked
about here. Um certainly on historic day
for for for both sides and really just
seeing both of them in very good spirits
actually was was was quite refreshing.
Yeah, you know, there's a lot of pump
and I certainly the vibes seem to be
pretty positive whether you know there
was circumstance whether we did actually
get any outcomes as Emory mentioned
right beyond just Boeing beans and
>> um and and beef you know there really
wasn't much in terms of some of the
structural differences and really
addressing the between the two but then
again we still got confirmation of
September 24th that is the invitation
that's been sent to President Xi to head
to DC later on this year so there'll be
more of this they're expecting at least,
you know, up to four
>> sort of meets between the two. Uh, and
so, yeah, let's hear a little bit more
what what happened in that in that
banquet.
>> Yeah. In fact, we're joined right now by
out of Beijing, by Wuin Bo. Uh, he's
director of the center for American
studies at Fuan University. Uh, he's
also an adviser to the Chinese foreign
ministry and he was also at the state
banquet uh last night. Uh, very nice to
see you and good morning. Thank you for
thank you for joining us. I guess my my
my first question is is quite simple.
How would you describe the mood in the
room last night at the state banquet?
>> Well, I would say it was uh very uh
pleasant one and it was light and the
Chinese and American guests uh sitting
together uh talking to each other all
the time. Uh especially I saw uh
President Trump and President she kept
talking to each other throughout the
banquet. Uh the food was delicious, the
music was good. So uh frankly speaking,
I haven't seen this kind of stuff for
many many years in China US relations.
So it was indeed a memorable moment.
>> Yeah. Something you haven't seen uh for
some time, which is interesting. Shin,
>> how would you characterize what came out
of these talks then? uh we we have some
deals that we know now, but we're still
unclear about the situation when it
comes to rare earths or when it comes to
chips. Would you say this is a reset in
some ways or or is that a bit over you
know stretch right now that
classification?
>> Well, I would say certainly this is a
major major effort by both sides to
reset this relationship after so many
years of up and down. Um first and
foremost I think two leaders agree uh
that we should pursue a common goal of
constructive strategic stability in this
relationship. Uh remember during the
first Trump administration he used major
power competition or strategic
competition to describe China US
relations and this has led to very
serious uh tbulence in b relations over
the last several years. Now this time
the two leaders agreed to a more
positive definition of the this
relationship. Hopefully there will be
more um stability, more predict
predictability and more cooperation in
this relationship and also in trade and
economics which many people you know pay
a lot of attention to. I'm confident
that there will be some major uh deals
made, some major agreements made which
may um come out today and also in
diplomatic and security relations. We
are also going to see some progress
including uh military to military uh
relations. So overall I would describe
this a successful uh visit and it both
were for the future of battle relations
in in terms of trade. If we could talk a
little bit more about that and obviously
we still have uh the the conversations
and and the discussions taking place
over the next few hours today. So we'll
have to wait and see what the details
hold. But it's a sense you get that the
Chinese side will be asking the US to
lower tariffs. Uh what expectations
should we have over tariffs?
>> Well, we certainly ask the US to
eliminate all the unilaterally
speaking tariff is not going to be a
major issue for bilateral trade and
economic relations. Uh one I mean the US
Supreme Court has you know judged this
as illegal. So it has to be eliminated.
And for China actually uh since last
year our overall import and export have
performed very well. So the tariff war
imposed by the US didn't have much
impact on China's overall export. So
tariff as a leverage by the US side uh
has proved not that uh effective. And
one anecdote uh to share with you uh at
the banquet I saw uh secretary Benant
was very happy. So that means
>> there should be some uh uh uh good
progress in trade and economics.
Shimbo, I want to get your take on on
this readout that came out on Taiwan
from from the Chinese uh even when the
you know, President Trump, President Xi
was behind closed doors in the midst of
these talks, right? Uh and people have
been really parsing through the tone and
language of what was said where
mishailing the issue uh between of
Taiwan could be a big uh to China and US
and put them into conflict.
Would you say this sort of language is
is new and maybe more
you know, starker sort of language from
the Chinese or or how can what can we
sort of glean from that?
>> Well, I would say
it was pretty much direct and strong in
terms of the tone and I I can understand
why um uh it happened as such. I think
Taiwan issue after all uh is a key
concern uh for the Chinese side and
President Xi's priority on his uh
political agenda and especially given
the recent US arms to Taiwan. I think
Beijing certainly didn't have feel happy
about this. So basically by sending this
strong warning um to the US side um
China wanted the US to stop selling
weapons to Taiwan and also to take a
position uh opposing Taiwan
independence. I think that's uh the uh
intention behind the message.
uh Shinbo also on separately you
mentioned military to military if you
could be more I guess specific on that
and I'm not sure if it's related if it
is if you could talk about that if it's
not I also want to get your thoughts on
Iran and you know whether Iran came up
and whether China has a role to play in
helping the US achieve it its objectives
in Iran or reopening the straight of
hormuz
>> well uh briefly militaryto military
relations um I think we can expect uh
the resumption of high level exchanges
between two militaries uh following the
summit.
>> Uh as for Iran, I think um both China
and the United States want to say the
reopening of the street of Hormos and
the free passage in uh that uh part of
the water. At the same time, I think
China is also uh going to urge uh
Washington to sit down with Iran for the
talk on the nuclear issue uh removing
all the sanctions, unilateral sanctions
against Iran and respect Iran's
legitimate legitimate right in uh
developing the uh civil use of the
nuclear uh power. So I think we are
going to you know work with both US and
Iran in this case not just exalt
pressure on Iran as the US would like to
see to happen.
>> W uh that was the director of center for
American studies at Funan University
joining us out of Beijing here this
morning. Uh your preo market in Hong
Kong is opening up here right now. We're
pretty flat when it comes to the
benchmark here this morning. Futures are
in the red but the remman we're at 679.
[music]
A little bit of weakness here after we
saw I think 11 or 12 straight days of
gains uh for [music] the currency here.
We have plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
Right. Uh just four minutes away. Uh
opening [music] bell. Uh so interesting
is we're getting obviously this slight
pullback in tech and south bond flows
which were deeply [music] negative
yesterday. Obviously something to watch.
Turnover onshore has been as robust
[music] as we've seen it another day of
north of 3 trillion. In terms of data we
have some growth numbers [music] coming
through and earnings. You have the big
chip makers out with earnings. We'll
look at reaction there. Leap mort is
coming out with earnings today. Yeah, it
could be pretty interesting to see uh
you know given that you know is it sell
the rumor buy the rumor sell the fact
[music] now that we have this Trump she
meeting wrapping up here today we
certainly got the open coming up next
this is
Good morning. Welcome back. Looking at
your pricing [music] going into this,
the reason I giggle is how much more
uninspired can this look? Um
I I I don't know what to say. Like I
don't [music] I really don't know what
to say when you look at a headline. How
do you write a headline to this? Uh
swinging between gains [music] and
losses.
>> Flat um
>> sideways. Yeah, it seems like we've gone
through the the pump and circumstance
pageantry of what's going on in Beijing
[music] and markets are just kind of,
>> you know, take and see what's happening
next week, right? And um yeah, right now
it seems like we've paused in terms of a
little bit of this rally of [music]
late, but certainly we're still seeing
some action when it comes to uh some of
the AI plays here this morning. Of
course, JP Morgan with that upgrade on
Taiwan saying [music] 50,000 for a bull
case right now. they're still thinking
20% upside on a on a really optimistic
sort of way of looking at it. So, um you
know, we'll see if that continues here
today, but certainly there's been news a
little bit on the chip side. I think
there was some clearance of maybe 10
Chinese firms that could potentially uh
snap up Nvidia H200 chips. Does that
kind of royal a little bit of the
domestic plays here this morning? You
are seeing Capricorn Tech a little bit
shaken. We're half of 1% to the
downside. Not a whole lot of movement
though. Um Shanghai crude is a little
bit elevated. Of course, what we have
seen is dollar yields are picking up
here today. So, that could be another
thing to watch out for and contend with
next week now that we've got this summit
in the back uh foot here, our back end
now. Um we're flat when it comes to
Shanghai Composite, flat in CSI 300.
Shenzhen is still seeing some gains
here. Um but yes, we talked about we're
set for a six street week of gains when
it comes to Asian stocks still despite a
bit of consolidation here today. In
terms of Hong Kong, the dashboard is
looking like this. We are kicking things
off about 4/10en of 1% to the downside
when it comes to Hong Kong. Tech is on
offer here. So you are seeing uh the
rally that we saw when it came to
Alibaba post earnings 10- cent post
earnings. We're coming off that a little
bit right now. We're down about 810 of
1% for Baba. BU is down close to 2% as
well. Xiaomi uh seeing about 1% losses
there. The currency is also coming off
some of the recent strength here. 12
straight days of gains. That's the
longest winning streak we've seen for
for the remn uh in 9 years. So
certainly, you know, it seems like now
that the summit is over, maybe there is
a little bit more weakness here. But
yes, the dollar is becoming a little bit
more pronounced here today. Msei China,
we're down about 7/10 of 1%. In terms of
movers, we're we're focusing on the chip
space because we did get some earnings
coming through of some of these domestic
chip makers in China. So, Huah Hong semi
SMIC uh they did miss estimates here,
but we're still seeing some gains here
and some in fact some punchy ones for
SMIC. We're up about 6%. Huahong is up
by three. Alibaba Health is also one to
watch here. We're seeing downside about
5% here after those earnings that came
out as well. Uh and we're watching
Boeing suppliers. So we did Boeing stock
overnight did take a hit after they
there was some confirmation about how
many Boeing planes that China might be
ordering here the expectation was 500 we
got around 200 so I think there was a
bit of disappointment on that front here
when it comes to Boeing and a mixed
picture across some of their suppliers
today.
>> Yeah. Okay. Um the other things as we go
into the weekend so I think in terms of
num GDP not that that's exciting in
itself but you have Hong Kong and Macau
coming up with GDP numbers today. Uh I
think going into next week you have
Nvidia earnings. It's also the last day
as Fed chair of course. Yeah Jay Pow
today. Uh dollar is stronger and yeah I
mean check out the move in cash
treasuries right so we're four and a
half we've taken that out on the 10 and
we're clearly above five now on the
30-year yield. So, I guess at what point
does this hit risk assets? Uh, joining
us here on set is Mark Hudmore, our
Bloomberg Markets Live executive editor.
Um, is this going to bite at some point?
>> Yeah, I'm outraged. I'm very excited by
markets today. I think this is the big
inflection point really like genuinely.
So, you know, the last couple of weeks,
well, I mean, and this we've been
talking on the show, my narrative for
the last few weeks is we rally into the
Trump summit because they can't the
Trump summit couldn't go ahead whilst
the straight over Moses was flaring up.
So we knew it was likely to stay very
calm into the Trump summit. There was
always a risk that the summit got
cancelled because it flared up. But that
was the base case scenario. So we rally
into the summit. The summit gives us
platitudes. We have way tail risk. We're
got a bit of relief out of that. We've
also got option expires today. So
technically this is kind of the end of
the the tailwind. Now suddenly we're
through the summit. We're going to get
back to the straight of our mill
situation. And that is just clear
negative because either the US faces
they've got no resolution and we're not
solving the massive supply chain
disruption or they realize they have to
escalate. I actually think they probably
will escalate because they have to solve
it. This is going to get really really
bad. And that's why we're seeing we're
seeing a big we're seeing breakouts in
FX. FX has been dead for ages. Dollar is
breaking out this morning. Yields are
breaking higher across the board. That's
now going to filter back into precious
metals. As said stocks, it's going to be
a little bit more rocky each way, but
suddenly we're going to go into a much
more negative tactical situation in
stocks next week. As you know, my view
is that the longer term capex AO bubble
has many months to go and you ultimately
buy these dip, but the pullbacks are
going to be dramatic just given the
scale of gains. So, you're going to see
some really really sharp pullbacks over
the next couple of weeks in stocks and
and people are going to get very because
because of the hering, it's going to be
really acutely in some of the tech
sector, some of the AI sector, the
retail sector, and people are going to
get really excited and say, "This is the
end of the bubble. We knew it could
never last, but we'll be right back at
the highs again in a in a month or, you
know, whatever." So, we're going to
we're going to buy this dip probably
again. But I do think I think markets
are really exciting. I think that this
is an inflection point today and we're
going to see higher yields, higher
dollar, lower precious metals, lower
risk assets over the next couple of
weeks.
>> There's a four and a half hand on the US
10 year a 5% when it comes to 20 and the
30 already. How much higher do you think
yields can go?
>> So
the yields the dollar and yields the
initial catalyst is going to be the
straight return to the straight and
what's happening in the supply chain
disruption not just on energy supply
chain disruption and around the
inflation story. We're continuously
extremely hot prints. We're getting that
fogs and boiling water situation,
inflation we got going to co 2021
situation. People are waking up to it.
So yields is the next trigger. But the
reason I kind of paused to the answer is
that
>> as the yields and dollar then bite into
other assets, then there's the
counterveailing force. We get worried
about growth again. So I actually don't
think the dramatic yields move happens
now even though that's the mechanism we
go through the straight to pain. I think
the much bigger move in yields probably
happens later this year. But I do think
we're going to get a higher much higher
move in yields right across the curve. I
actually think right now we might see a
little bit of like a bare flattening or
even a bare twist where we get the
two-year yields get a little bit higher
as kind of suddenly everyone realizes
wait there's no way the Fed is cutting.
In fact, they're probably going to be
hiking and you know maybe maybe Trump
realizes the midterms hey I've got to
return the narrative to inflation and
maybe he does a big beautiful pivot and
goes and supports the idea that there
could be a hike and that would suddenly
just rip up the narrative. So I think
you see higher front end on yields as a
result we might see some flattening
because people get worried about growth
and the long end might stop moving again
for a bit but later on this year I
expect long end yields to go much higher
as well that that's a story which we
kind of will come back to again and
again you know back and forth and and
every so often when we see a big move
higher in yields like we've seen over
the last week or two we'll see some dip
buyers in bonds on that risk aversion
growth narrative but ultimately yields
going a lot higher later this year. Just
a final note on FX. Uh so obviously
cable that one month low domestic
politics.
>> Yeah.
>> The yen seems to be headed to levels
where they before they intervene. Do we
need to be watching those two very
closely?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean not just cable. Euro
dollar is at one month low. Obviously
most Asian currencies are going right.
We've got a you know dollar is is
breaking out this morning. I mean FX has
been so boring everyone's kind of
removed it from their monitors given up.
But FX is breaking out now and that's
and that's going to matter. You can I
mean we're seeing the squeeze through
and all across all Asian currencies
already. Uh I think dollar yen
fundamentally has got to be a lot higher
and the BOJF must be panicking at the
moment because you're seeing this these
really hot data out of the US and this
move higher in US yields and the only
reason people aren't you know trading
dollar yen at a 162 163 handle is
because that fear of when the next round
of intervention comes in but the MFR in
the back field is going to keep on
grinding higher and if they intervene
everyone will be like yes you're giving
me TWO DOLLAR YEN BUY as much as I can
because it will go a lot higher.
>> Mark it's great to have you this week.
Um yes, Mark Cutmore obviously bring fun
there. Yeah, just waking us all up.
Lunar Marcus live executive editor Mark
Cutmore there. Um yeah, so we've been
talking about the tech space and
certainly the surge in Chinese chip
socks has made them some of the most
expensive among global peers and
investors are growing increasingly
cautious. Let's bring in Abishet Vishno,
our senior Asia equities reporter
joining us from Singapore with more.
Tell us a bit more about you know what
the shorts are doing. Is is shorting
some of these Chinese chip makers
becoming expensive and why?
>> Yeah, it's becoming futile actually. I
mean given the rally and chip makers
anything AI uh globally not just in
China and on top of that a lot of these
stocks especially the LLM plays they
have very low free float. So actually
there is not no stock available to short
at least till you know a lot of lockups
expire in July and then some next year.
Till that time the borrowing cost
remains high. Um you know market is sort
of pricing in that this is like a once
in a generation opportunity. Um uh you
know the AI buildout phase is not done
yet and it it will show it in GDP at its
own time but uh the potential earnings
uh you know expectations keep rising.
There is enthusiasm about that. It's
being looked as a you know like an
electricity railroad kind of layer for
the new uh global economy and therefore
all these stocks uh you know including
Chinese are rallying um even as they
remain expensive on a price to earnings
basis.
>> Yeah, I think we're showing forward PE
for some of these
short of a thousand which is astounding
just in and of itself. So I mean risking
asking the obvious you know obviously on
paper they look very overvalued. give us
the context though why they're trading
like this and obviously we're also
seeing this this huge rally uh you know
elsewhere Korea Taiwan and how do we
make sense of those all those things
together
there is frenzy and there are these uh a
lot of smaller stocks which are trading
at obnoxious valuations like you just
pointed out um and even names like SMIC
Hong they are trading at 1281 times um
their quarterly earnings has
disappointed but if you look at the uh
market structure the the kind of money
that is coming in uh you know a lot of
local hands are sort of financing this
uh leg of expansion in in these
valuations at the moment um foreigners
have been pulling out not just from you
know select few stocks but also from
Korea and Taiwan at a broader level um a
lot of money has moved out but this this
um you know Asians buying Asia locals
buying local theme is really strong um
and they they they really believe in
this AI buildout story Yes, there is
fraud. There is uh frenzy out there. But
you know, you have to start looking at
the space like you know there are a lot
of toddlers, teenagers, babies out there
who are trying to become adults and when
they do some of these names would go
into uh you know China's main indexes uh
you know and uh that's where this this
new China theme apart from EVs and
everything else the new China tech theme
that'll get recognized there. Definitely
there would be uh you know winners and
losers and um you know as per our
reporting it it it still makes sense to
stick with the big guns here instead of
fishing for very smaller names like the
one you pointed out which is trading a
thousand times.
Yeah, it's been nuts those numbers.
Abby, thank you. Abby Shak Vishnoy there
a senior Asia equities reporter joining
us out of Singapore. And I think you
know given just the valuations Dave that
we've seen when it comes to some of
these chipmakers in China, it really
shows the divergence that we have seen
between Shenzhen and Hong Kong, right?
And why we haven't seen yet these China
big internet platforms uh catch up here.
But take a look what traders are doing
here in the options market, right? If
you take a look at what option traders
are doing, uh they basically this call
skew has been at that level around six.
That's that's a pretty good level here
that leads to some sort of repricing or
at least rebound for the stock. You're
seeing that similarly in in the ETF
market with some of the open interest of
these call options of KWE for example
that ETF in the US that has started to
surge as well. So it's a good china
today column today saying you know what
could be that catalyst perhaps deepseek
right when we're starting to hear more
reports about them raising external
funding to accelerate the
commercialization once we hear more
about this you know deepseek moment 2.0
know maybe this could ignite really this
whole enthusiasm back into that play
again. It really is and it I guess it
also helps that the fact that some of
the other plays are trading at a
thousand times right and this is really
where I think it's clear where the
rotate traders are positioning for a you
know are rotating into a perhaps a a
tactical rebound in some of these big
plays and I think it's going to be
interesting right because uh we were
talking with CLSA this week on the back
of Alibaba right she said it's it's
Ellen and lung yeah
>> it's only a matter of time when it shows
up in obviously the cloud business on
Alibaba or social media and gaming
business of Tencent when those become
almost too hard to ignore plays. Yeah.
>> On AI and I think I think to to the
point she was making, you know, we're
quarters away from seeing that,
especially for 10-centent, for example.
So, it's understandable why people are
betting on the lagards at the
>> Yeah. What she say is that you buy
10-centent for the application, you buy
Alibaba um for the cloud.
>> For the cloud for the cloud. So, there
there's that sort of differentiation
there. Uh coming up, we're going to do a
deeper dive when it comes to Chinese
tech and really following that Trumpy
meeting with the CEO of intelligent
driving firm Sidi. Albert Hu joins us.
More coming up on the China show.
[music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Let's turn [music] our attention
now to autonomous vehicles. And of
course, our next guest is the CEO of
City, a Chinese tech company
specializing in intelligent driving.
Like most EV related firms in China, it
relies on automative automotive chips uh
from the likes of Nvidia. Now, for more
on how the company is actually viewing
the Trump Summits and of course what
they're uh what they got cooking up in
their own kitchens, uh joining us from
Changa in Hunan Province is the
executive director and CEO Albert Hu. Uh
Albert, good morning. Um, I think the
last conversation we had was when you
guys went public a few months back and
certainly I'm sure you've become a lot
busier uh these days. Give us an update
of the business.
>> We're doing uh we're doing pretty well.
Um, we uh we released uh earnings um you
know uh uh month or two ago and uh still
doing quite well over uh over 800
million R&B in uh in uh in revenue last
year. So things are really picking up in
autonomous mining. That's that's good
for us.
I'm I'm wondering from from Chong Sha
how you're viewing what's going on
Beijing. Uh it seems like you know we
did see some deliverables in this
meeting but not in in terms of really
you know high techch manufacturing the
like. I'm wondering we're still getting
some clarity on that but were you were
you happy to see some of the
developments that that happened there?
What was your take overall? Yeah,
obviously these are uh historic uh
meetings, very high-profile
uh visitors uh you know from the US, a
lot of industry leaders really happy
[clears throat] to see uh some of the
some of the talks, some of the uh some
of their asks that might they might have
coming into the meeting the meetings and
um you know I think China has a lot to
bring to the table in terms of uh
technology cooperation.
There's a lot of areas where uh China is
is um you know it's they're
transitioning from more of a leader uh
from a follower and especially in you
know EVs, green tech, renewables
uh in some sense AI models and of course
robotics and uh mechatronics and so on.
So these are, you know, very exciting uh
times to be in a company where we're
looking to cooperate with uh with
different parts of the supply chain all
over the world including including the
US.
>> Do specific doors open up for the
company because of better relations
between the two? How are you looking at
possibilities there? And what do you
hope to see?
>> Right. I mean in in China I think uh we
especially for for a company like us uh
where we work on specifically autonomous
driving software algorithms uh products
[snorts] uh we don't uh fully uh we we
want to be in a in a in a position where
we can cooperate and take uh you know
take advantage of uh you know
comparative advantages from you know all
types of firms all over the world. Um
we're open to all manners of
collaborations
and um lately we've had some very
impactful partnerships with uh with
businesses overseas uh where um kind of
multinationals have began to recognize
some of the supply chain advantages
especially in vehicles electric vehicles
in machinery and uh in mainland China
for example uh recently we signed
partnership with MMD group from the UK a
worldleading manufacturer of mineral
sizing and crushing equipment Uh so that
has a lot of synergies with the
autonomous mining businesses uh business
that uh that we're in. Uh Schaefer
German automotive company uh an
engineering company specializing in
electric drivetrain. So these are um I
think that uh we're signaling in China
that you know businesses are really
happy to open up to uh to share some of
their um their distribution to share
some of their supply chain and trying to
figure out you know kind of what are the
next technologies to uh kind of to make
an impact
>> and Albert just to clarify then so so
those you know those partnerships that
you just talked about you know were
those for you to sell the end product to
those companies and where are those
projects in China or are they outside
and I guess sorry related to that and I
know it's a long question on your supply
chain itself
what percentage of your inputs are
domestically sourced and what percentage
of that are you know do you just simply
there's no replacement but to find it
outside China as far as those inputs go
>> we have a number of uh inputs that are
are sourced from some of these uh for
example from Schaler uh from Nvidia. Um,
you know, they have their very uh
obvious advantages in some of the fields
that uh that they're in. And in terms of
a lot of the vehicle uh technology that
you know, we source from uh China
especially in electric uh power trains
in uh you know electric vehicle uh you
know uh chassis or some of these uh
other new developments and charging you
know. Um, so it's really a global
effort, you know, for a firm like us to
kind of come up with a top product. You
don't really want to limit yourself. You
never really want to limit yourself to
one geography or, you know, one country.
It it always helps to have partners from
all over the world. And uh so that's I
think to the extent that you know
there's uh Chinese companies technology
companies specifically they can to the
extent that can embrace uh more some of
these opportunities uh where you know
firms overseas they're more willing to
explore some of the technology offerings
in China. This is a very advantageous uh
>> companies like us.
You mentioned Nvidia as one of your your
many suppliers, but how how has the
company been weathering some of the
bottlenecks there
>> of not maybe getting access to some of
these most advanced chips and how does
that impact your business?
>> Yeah. So, um for example, for us, uh we
have a lot of uh onvehicle
computation. So these are you know for
example with Nvidia they that's actually
not one of their largest product lines
but they have very obviously excellent
products having to do with uh onboard
vehicle inference uh you know
self-driving products uh and you know
obviously these are these are uh we
these are one of the suppliers uh for us
in this area. We also have local
suppliers and um but you know most of we
see most of the the you know previous
especially restrictions and compute
really driven by the data center uh
buildouts right some of the data center
um you know training and inferial
requirements that's been really
especially with memory you know these
things have been uh more of the
bottleneck and not so much with the
automotive so for the most part we're
okay
Albert, so you guys did revenues 800,
let's call it 900 uh in revenues. Uh
market has you topping 1.8 this year. Uh
so that's 2x 2027. I'm looking at
forecast here. Uh topping three and a
half. Do you think you'll get to those
numbers? You'll get do you think we'll
get 2x 3x growth over the next two three
years?
So we're we're we're trying to aim for
uh for a doubling of uh of revenue, you
know, every year um uh in the in the
medium term. And one of the main reasons
for that is the uh low uh penetration
rates for autonomous mining. The
penetration rates not really it's
probably you know not even at 10%. But
there's a lot of opportunity for our
customers to try and adopt these
technologies. the market is you know
exploding. It's one of the few scenarios
where it's not uh bottlenecked by you
know regulatory restrictions that we
have on in public traffic. Uh there's
really clear safety uh value
propositions. Uh it's very clear
economic propositions
uh you know econom economic value that
can provide for customers. So these are
the you know these are things are that
are really pushing some of this uh this
growth. Albert, we gota leave it there,
but thank you. Albert who there,
executive director and CEO of CD.
[music] We'll play more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
Welcome back to the China show. Look at
the HSI half hour into the session and
we are seeing a bit of [music] reversal
across these markets here today where
Korea is down to 3%. We are around those
session lows uh for the hang sang. We're
down about 8/10 of 1% right now. 1%
losses when it comes to the eight share
market. So as Mike Mark Cutmore
mentioned here, right, you have the
dollar firmer, yields are picking up,
gold is selling off. You know, now that
we've got this Trump summit out of our
way, it seems like right now markets are
dealing with the same issues, right?
Right. The straight of Hormuza continues
to be shut and of course inflation
concerns.
>> Well, M&M's lose yourself, right? Snap
back to reality.
>> Oh,
>> it's it feels like the you know when you
come back from a holiday and your
adrenaline drops and you go back to your
sad apartment and you realize just uh I
guess you're back to you're back to the
usual conditions and you know we're
going into next week with yields at
these levels. Uh yes, we potentially
could have an offset, bullish offset in
the form of Nvidia. Um but but yeah, I
mean how long has oil been over a
hundred bucks and where yields are? It
it's going to bite at some point was a
message coming through there. Flip the
page please. Especially when you look at
some of the concentration and the herd,
Korea is a perfect perfect example of
that and you know we are expecting uh to
see that of course play out and it's
down about 3% today. Uh we're also
seeing that reversal taking place on the
NASDAQ. NASDAQ futures are coming down
as well. Uh had a good day yesterday.
Nvidia was up four or five%. I believe
we're down about half of 1% in the Asian
session which by the way that's not
normally a move we see this time of the
day as far as that's concerned. Uh and
apart from that of course when we look
at other markets can we uh show others
please if we can. Taiwan was actually
one of the markets that was managing to
buck the trend. I believe it's now down
for the day despite of course that
upgrade coming through there out of JP
Morgan and also some good earnings
coming out of Hanigh too. Yeah, I mean
that that should have been supportive
for the market, but I think right now as
you say right um there there seems to be
a bit more of the the buy the rumor sell
the fact after this Trump she's you know
maybe there's a bit of consolidation
some profit taking but JP Morgan still
thinks right when it comes to you know
where this index is going to land by the
end of this year they're aiming 47,000
as the as the base case 50,000 for the
bull case for the highex here which
still implies 20% gains uh from where we
are right now because if you want that
AI pure play of of the whole AI
buildout, Taiwan seems to be still the
place to be, they say. And when it comes
to positioning, Misoas is like, you
know, it's surprisingly still low if you
look at the aggregate, you know, think
way of looking at it.
>> Yeah, it's a more diversified play,
right? As far as it's almost like buying
an index. Um, but I mean, there's TSM
anyway. Uh, that's a different kind of
worms we can get into uh later. Uh,
let's take it back to the top story,
right? So, it's we're done with day one.
We're going into day.5 today, of course,
and it comes to this very important
summit in Beijing. Uh let's have a look
at the the coverage of the summit across
state media. Uh today it's it's
obviously dominating the front pages uh
of many. Uh let's start off with the
people's daily uh with the cover
highlighting uh the president's message
and overcoming this great power rivalry
and his warning on Taiwan. The paper
also runs separate items on the leader
visit to the temple of heaven and also
highlights of course from I'm sure many
of you have seen uh many versions of it
the you know some of the viral clips
across the state banquet uh overnight.
Uh some other headlines and commentary
about the summit too. Shinuan news
highlighting what it calls a new vision
for US China ties and Trump's comments
calling she a great leader. Now, a
global times editorial uh talks of a new
positioning in relations where both
countries move beyond a zero- sum game
and work toward or together to address
challenges. Right. Uh China Daily, let's
have a look at what's happening there.
So, it's calling for a quote new vision
for a constructive relationship of
strategic stability. Okay, that's a
that's that's fairly long. That's a
mouthful, but yes, suffice to say, it's
almost this a broader reset of
relations. And of course, Ivon, that
invite overnight, September 24, mark
your calendars now. Of course, that
invite to the White House from
>> Yeah. where President Xi potentially
could uh end up in in the US side of
things here and continue this exchange,
right? And despite sort of the grand
ceremony, despite this glowing coverage
that we saw yesterday, uh we have been
parsing through some of the summit
readouts both from the Beijing side of
things in DC and and you're seeing
things. There are going to be
similarities. there are going to be
things where uh it looks a little bit
more I guess you could say murky right
Taiwan as you say remains the most
critical issue when it comes to China
and US relations and as we talked about
this readout that came out on Shinua
while the two sides were still behind
closed doors and negotiating I think
just goes to show uh China's position in
all this and that you know Taiwan has
become that key risk uh between the two
nations here if you take a look at the
language that came through in that
readout right if handled poorly the two
countries will clash and really pushing
into some sort of conflict here uh and
really talking about really put the two
sides in a a dangerous uh sort of
territory. So Taiwan is most important
they say according to Beijing if not
handled properly will lead to clashes
and conflicts in the US side is
alarmingly interesting too. there was no
mention in their readout. There were
also a lot of these, you know,
gatherings that we saw of of, you know,
where reporters were asking questions or
shouting questions to President Trump uh
when he was a at the um uh with
President Xi and you know asking about
you know did you guys talk about Taiwan?
Did you talk about Taiwan and there was
really notable silence uh from President
Trump there. He didn't really want to go
there and even answer the idea of
whether this topic was even discussed uh
there when they were at the temple of
heaven. Take a look when it comes to
when it come USChina ties. Meanwhile,
here the the Beijing sort of rhetoric is
to build constructive relationship of
strategic stability. This is something
that we've always ob always obvious
heard in terms of the language from the
Chinese side. No direct mention when it
came to the US and on the Iran war. Now,
Beijing was a little bit more vague
saying, you know, views were exchanged
when it came to, of course, the Middle
East situation. Uh what China's role is
in trying to mitigate what's happening
in the street of Hormuz. The US said,
you know, both sides still agree that
Iran can never have a nuclear weapon.
Trump also have said in in in interviews
that uh that China did offer to help on
Iran, that they were willing to support
these negotiations. Whether that goes as
far as as doing anything to reopen the
straight of Hormuz is another question
though, Dave.
>> Fantastic. Size and scope were helpful,
context where it's needed, nuance where
it's absolutely necessary. Uh let's get
more in fact on those three things and
bring our team back in from Beijing. Our
chief North Asia correspondent Steven
Angel and Bloomberg surveillance
co-anchor an Marie Hordin is also in
Beijing for us. Steve, let me start with
you. How should we interpret the fact
that the Taiwan the Taiwan issue came
came out at least from the Chinese side
whilst the two presidents were were
still speaking?
Well, my take on this has a lot to do
with what wasn't said and that was
exemplified there by Ivonne. There
wasn't a lot in the readouts or the
press here locally this morning about
the Iran issue because in the leadup to
this summit, you and I and Ivonne and
everyone else were all talking about how
the Iran issue and whether Donald Trump
was going to sort of press Xiinping to
comment on and help as well uh use its
influence on tan uh to help open the
straight of Hormuz and help bring Thran
to the peace table and negotiations. Uh,
but it really wasn't the dominant story
and it definitely wasn't the dominant
story in local media here because I
think there really was and I this is
just my read of it. I think there was a
concern uh that the issues because we
talked about it so much leading into
this summit. There was concern here in
China that that would indeed overshadow
the nuts and bolts of what China wanted
to talk about uh in the relationship
with the United States. And as we've saw
last hour, Anmarie and I didn't talk
about Iran at all. We talked about the
Taiwan issue. We talked about the trade
issues and the commercial deals. So the
Iran issue was sort of uh pushed off the
front pages definitely here. And we got
uh a lot to talk about with the Taiwan
issue and clearly Xiinping wanted to
make sure by announcing or are having
those statements come out before the
bilateral was even over yesterday that
helped set the narrative at least from
the Chinese perspective.
>> Amory, your conversation with Jameson
Greer, the US trade representative did
certainly did give us a bit more details
of what exactly was discussed and and
what was actually more prominent. just
give us a breakdown of what what we
really learned.
>> Right now, when it comes to Taiwan,
Ambassador Greer made clear that he
didn't really see a difference between
how she talked about it behind closed
doors in these meetings then compared to
other trips. And remember, Ambassador
Greer was the chief of staff to
Ambassador Robert Lighheiser in 2017.
So, he was with Trump nearly a decade
ago when he came to visit and had
similar conversations. I think for the
US trade ambassador, what was clear is
that they want to work a walk away with
purchasing agreements. What I took away
from this is that we're not getting any
more than what we knew going into the
trip. Potentially some Boeing jets,
which going into the trip, the reporting
and the expectation was for 500 jet
orders. The president speaking to Fox
News talked about 200 orders, soybean
purchases, and beef. Take a listen to
what Ambassador Gear had to say about
some of those trade negotiations.
So remember, we're we're in a situation
where we're trying to rebalance our
trade with China. We've had a lot of
success in that. Our trade deficit with
China went down by a third last year in
one year. And so we're trying to manage
the trade around the kinds of things we
want to be selling to China, whether
it's Boeings or soybeans or other A or
energy or medical devices. And so you
can see us bit by bit building up this
strategy. Uh coming out of of this week,
you heard the president today talk about
uh the Boeings and you know hundreds of
Boeings being purchased by China. Uh we
already have a soybean deal with them
from our prior meetings of 25 million
metric tonses a year over the next three
years. And we expect to also see an
agreement for uh doubledigit billion
purchases of a over the next three years
per year coming out of this visit. And
that's more general. That's that's
aggregate. That's not just soybeans.
That's that's everything else.
>> Are they keeping up with those
agreements?
>> Uh they have been. So on the soybeans,
you know, last year they needed to fill
up 12 million metric tons at the end of
last year. They did that. Uh they've
now, you know, we expect most of the
soybean sales to go on in the later part
of the year. U but we've seen some there
already. Uh we saw, as you noted, uh
things related to beef exports uh
registrations reupted uh last night. So
we're already seeing them start to
fulfill some of their promises.
>> When it comes to the day tant, we have
this trade agreement truce till October.
Will that be extended on this trip? Uh
so so we'll see about that. Uh we have
we have of course the uh the agreement
that goes until this fall. Uh that's all
that's all solid. That's all well and
good. There's certainly a willingness on
both sides that if this continues to
work out well uh for each country uh to
continue that and to extend this ability
to make sure we're getting rare earths
that we're selling the types of things
we should be selling to China and we're
trying to manage differences rather than
escalate them. We hear that some firms,
China is dragging their feet when it
comes to licenses on rare earths. Was
this discussed?
>> Uh we do discuss this. We discuss this
at at all levels.
>> And do you think they are dragging their
feet?
>> Uh so with with a with a couple of
things. Sometimes they do. I would I
would give uh I would give them a p a
passing grade on this. We've certainly
seen the uh the rare earths come back up
to better levels. Uh sometimes it's
slow. Uh there are times when we have to
go and make our point. And you may have
seen a couple of weeks ago there were
some big shipments of of vitrium uh that
came across that was after advocacy uh
from the US government. Uh so whenever
we see an issue or we hear from specific
companies we engage with our Chinese
counterparts and we find them to be
constructive.
>> Where does this leave the 301 tariffs?
Does will China view this as retaliatory
given the fact that it seems like the
relationship right now is stable and
you're in the middle of the state taunt?
>> So I haven't yet met a country where
we've imposed tariffs and said thank you
we love these tariffs. Uh so so no one
really likes that other than you know
our our workers and our industries.
What the Chinese know and what we've
agreed that there's going to be a
certain level of tariff uh on the
Chinese. So I think as we're rolling out
and concluding different investigations
under section 301 which again don't just
target China, they they cover other
countries as well. U I think the Chinese
are going to be looking at what we're
doing there compared to agreements we've
had in the past on certain tariff levels
and uh you know we'll just have to u try
to manage that. Ambassador
Greer talking about how the relationship
seems to be stable. I did think it was
interesting they said there might be a
willingness on both sides to extend that
trade truce. Remember that goes through
the fall through October. What's
interesting is last night the president
invited Xi Jinping to the White House.
It would be the first state visit since
2015. That happens in September. So
depending on how this relationship
develops over the course of the next
couple of months, potentially we get
that day tant extended when she arrives
at the White House.
All right, more to look forward to, of
course. Emory, it's fantastic to have
you here. Of course, in our part of the
world. That was Amory Hordern, our
Bloomer surveillance co-anchor, as well
as Stephen Engel, our chief North Asia
correspondent. Both in Beijing this
week. Still ahead, Taiwan in focus after
President Xi is warning that it's the
biggest risk [music] to stabilizing
relations with the US. We have analyst
and author Shirley Siari Lynn joining us
next. Much [music] more ahead on the
China show.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. On the topic of Taiwan, Secretary
of State Marco Rubio says the well, the
topic of US arm sales to Taiwan did not
feature prominently uh in the Trump
sheet talks. Rubio also told NBC News
that US policy regarding the self-ruuled
island remains unchanged while warning
China against using force to resolve the
issue.
>> What they call reunification, that's
what they call it, is something that has
to happen at some point. We think it
would be a terrible mistake to force
that through force or anything of that
nature. It would there would be
repercussions for that globally, not
just from the United States. And we kind
of leave it there. That sort of
ambiguity is what I think uh has defined
our charact the way we've characterized
this issue and the reason being
strategic ambiguities. We don't want to
see conflict. We don't want to see
something disruptive happen because I
think it would be very disruptive for
the world and for both countries.
>> And Rubio spoke after President Xi's
warning that Taiwan could trigger a
quote highly dangerous situation for the
two biggest economies. Let's bring in
Shirley Lynn, founder and chair at the
Center for Asia-Pacific Resilience and
Innovation. Dr. Dr. Lynn, it's great to
have you back on the program. I I was
going to get your your reaction to, of
course, that early readout that came out
from pres President Xi and the Beijing
side as these two leaders uh were
actually meeting behind closed doors.
Would you see I mean we had a previous
guest that said it was pretty strong
language when it came to Taiwan. Would
you agree? And is this some sort of new
threat you think?
>> Well, there's nothing new under the sun.
you know since uh 1971 when Kissinger
met with Joe and Lie uh basically
immediately German lie talked about
Taiwan and non-stop and it was only
later that people realized that because
Kissinger dismissed it um and I think
the same thing in 1972 of course after
um Nixon's visit the Shanghai
communicate came out very strongly with
wording that said the United States uh
reci acknowledges that all Chinese on
both sides of the straight uh recognize
that there is one China and Taiwan is
part of that China. Taiw and Taiwan is
uh part of China. So with that wording,
Beijing's um uh strategic position has
never changed since 1949 to now. They
have been waiting since 1972 for this
position of Washington to move forward
uh in favor of Beijing. And uh it did
not happen at this summit. And I think
it's the best scenario we can hope for.
But I think the real big difference uh
between the two sides is that she has
made it very clear this will be very
important. He invited uh Taiwan's
opposition leader to visit days before
this because this is of the top top most
important priority for the Chinese
Chinese Communist Party and um they
treat it strategically. On the other
hand, for the United States, they have
sometimes treated Taiwan as a
transactional and as a bargaining chip
and that would be a mistake because in
the long term, this will continue to be
the most important issue for USChina
relations without doubt.
>> Dr. Lyn, this is this is David. Uh, lots
of people saw the clip of President
Trump um not wanting to to comment on
Taiwan. I believe it was also not part
of the statement. Was that I don't know
was that perhaps the best form of
strategic ambiguity? Of course that's an
exaggeration, but or is that in some
ways the US somewhat folding and
respecting China's red line?
>> I think David, you're absolutely right.
I think it was a good strategic move um
to avoid responding, avoid uh basically
uh doing this provocatively is the best
but the best that the market can hope
for, that the world can hope for. I mean
Taiwan's strategic importance today in
the AI transformation around the world
as well as a beacon of democracy is
something that uh really cannot be
considered in any trans transactional
terms. So I think the fact that uh Trump
didn't respond to it in the official
statement or perhaps uh hopefully in
private uh is really um uh the best way
to maintain the status quo. But more
importantly what has happened at home is
also very important. at home meeting uh
in Washington. Um there was an arms
package uh that did not go through yet.
uh and um the the United States had not
approved this 14 billion dollar uh arms
package and uh Trump at one point had
said he was going to consult uh with
Xiinping on this and that's very
dangerous because basically um uh under
the Taiwan relations act and the six
assurances the United States continues
to sell arms to Taiwan and that is very
important to maintain the status quo uh
and as you said to maintain strategic
ambiguity the best deterrence is to have
strength
Um, and that's important for Taiwan and
for the world.
>> Given that, you know, Beijing has seemed
to be, you know, I guess you say more
forthcoming or at least more, I guess,
more stark in their warnings. I'm just
wondering what measures do you think
Beijing could potentially pull here if
the US in some ways doesn't comply or
event, you know, in some way doesn't
really, I guess, appreciate how
important Taiwan is. What sort of
pressure do you think Beijing could
still apply here? Whether it's military
exercises around the island, whether
it's sanctions, whether it's something
more diplomat, what form could that
take? Do you think
>> uh Beijing has taken all of those
actually actions already so there is no
uh how should I say there's no lack of
assertiveness on the part of Beijing. So
what really actually is and as I said
Beijing is very consistent uh with its
aims and policy and long-term goals. I
think the United States being less
predictable uh has been uh problematic
and therefore um I I don't think really
it's a matter of what can Beijing do
more. It's what can the US do to make
its position uh to maintain strategic
ambigu ambiguity but at the same time
maintain that it's maintaining that uh
position uh to keep the balance in the
Taiwan straight so that there will be no
chance uh um of uh as Mark Carney says
if you're not at the table you're on the
menu and it's very important Taiwan is
not on the menu if it's in play the
whole status quo could be actually um uh
be at risk And this risk is really
important today more than ever because
uh in addition to the fact that uh
Taiwan is militarily important,
economically important uh it's the
United States fourth largest trading
partner now and uh the market uh Taiwan
stock market now is at $4 trillion
surpassing London just recently um and
being a choke point for the um uh AI
revolution. I think it's important that
nobody considers it ever being uh at
play. And so the question about what can
Beijing do more? Well, there's little
Beijing would do can do uh unless the US
is actually agreeing to play.
>> Dr. Lyn, we'll leave it there, but thank
you so much for for joining us there.
Shirley Lynn, founder and chair at the
Center for Asia-Pacific Resilience and
Innovation. Still ahead, we have our
exclusive interview with the [music]
chairman of Hong Kong based apparel
maker Epic Group on the business
outlook. what he thinks about, of
course, these Trump [music] summit and
Middle East disruptions. Plus, former
USR general counsel uh is going to be
joining us here, Ben Kosva, there on US
China trade tensions, of course, as we
wrap up the summit in [music] Beijing.
Welcome back. Markets are not really in
in the best shape [music] as you can see
and I think the caller the dominant
caller tells you everything you need to
know with the exception of course Taiwan
futures here which is perhaps worth
noting. Uh you did have JP Morgan of
course upgrading their sort of bare base
and bullcase scenarios on on on the
index in Taiwan and I think they do
think 50,000 is the bull case. we go to
47 in terms of the of of the base case
there. Uh but that to say that's perhaps
for another day. And I think it's worth
pointing out as well is when you look at
a day that we're pretty much sort of
throwing the adrenaline out the window
following the big meeting of course that
still by the way taking place in
Beijing. It's in some ways we're
refocusing back on things that are
continuing to sort of boil underneath
the hood. stronger dollar. The hormuz is
still straight of hormuz is still closed
and of course it's rising the meltup in
global yields that we're seeing across
the board right and case in point Japan
is up seven basis went up every single
day so far this week so you have a
stronger dollar you have a really bad
equity markets and I think when you look
underneath the hood even though you did
get good earnings coming through out of
Honai for example there's really not
managing to move the needle that much
today on a day like on a day like today
we were coming off highs a lot there in
Taiwan as you can see we opened much
much higher and we're now flat on the
today. But I guess in some ways it still
helps in in some ways. Very quickly uh
while we're in the chip space here, so
[music] earnings coming through here
yesterday and we're looking at reaction
across some of the big names in China.
SMIC, [music] Huah Hong, and Alibaba
Health are on the way down. I just also
mentioned in terms of earnings, Leap
Motor is actually due out with earnings
today here in greater [music] China.
Lots more ahead. That's just one more.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are going on break [music] in just a
moment and we've been seeing quite a bit
of a reversal when it comes to a
sentiment here today. today. So, it
started kind of yesterday as we were
kind of counting down to the the last
day of day one of the Trump summit. Day
two, yes, there's still this bilateral
tea and lunch happening, but for the
most part, things have wrapped up and
markets are kind of moving back to the
basics, right? The reality of of what's
going on in Iran straight up hormuz uh
still remain shut and we are starting to
see when it comes to yields picking up
along the curve in Japan. That 20-year
yield is up close to five basis points
right now at 360. Uh when it comes to
the 10-year, we're around 269. So 270
here right now. That brings us back to
levels we haven't really seen since the
90s really for the JJB market there.
Stocks are on offer here and that's
bringing down the equity space here. The
yield picked up, the dollar picked up as
well. We're back to 158 levels. A little
bit more on the weaker side for yen this
morning, Dave.
>> Yeah. 2.7 1997 last time I think we saw
yields at about that's that's what
Armageddon [laughter]
>> I don't want to miss a thing from
Aerosmith. What else comes? What were
you doing in 1997 is a question that's a
profound question for all of you that
[laughter] were uh in existence and
conscious at that point in time. Uh 1.8%
to the downside on the benchmark today.
S&P futures are also actually seeing a
noticeable move to the downside. Right?
It's not just this. NASDAQ futures were
down and I think we could you see the
culprit on your screens, right? Energy
prices are up and the dollar's up,
right? When that tends to happen,
markets most times tend to listen. They
haven't listened as carefully and
closely recently, but they're listening
today uh to the to the singing of of the
stronger dollar. Uh but yeah, apart from
this um we it's a good reminder of the
the current ills and challenges of the
world straight of horm oil is still
above 100 transport logistics disrupted
and I guess at some point we'll need to
talk about higher prices for for most
things. Yeah, I we haven't talked we
talked about the taco trade. You know,
the nacho trade is
>> it's quite interesting, right? No chance
that the street of Columbus reopens.
>> Yeah.
>> Um I love how we come up with these
acronyms. But yes, that that is the
reality it seems at this point in time.
But we still got to talk about what
businesses are feeling here. Of course,
as we wrap up what happened in Beijing,
the outcome of this Trump meeting could
a wider implications beyond the big
businesses represented by the CEOs in of
course the US president's entourage.
Right. We're getting a view from the
manufacturing sector with Epic Group,
Hong Kong based apparel maker with
facilities in Bangladesh, Jordan,
Ethiopia, and India.
>> Yep. Uh their global customers include
the likes of Walmart, Unilo, and Amazon.
And joining us now is Epic Group's
founder and chairman, Ranju Matani. Very
nice to see you. Good morning.
>> Thank you for having me on.
>> How is business?
>> Business is not bad. It's okay.
>> We're used to a lot of uh excitement.
>> Uh it's kind of inbuilt into our DNA
now. So obviously there's been a lot of
disruption with the Middle East, but
ever since co we've always found
multiple ways of dealing with
disruption.
>> Right? We're in the fashion business and
our job is to bring premium fashion
clothing to our consumers no matter what
disruption does to us.
>> You most of your production facilities
are in places where these are big energy
importers. Power costs are going up. Do
you expect your costs to go up?
>> Oh, absolutely. I mean you look at a
place like uh India for example. I think
what consumer prices have already gone
up 3, four, 5% in a few months. Your
inflation is up. uh economic growth is
already predicted to be slow and this is
only a ramification of the last three
four months right
>> how much more could that market slow
down how much more foreign investment
could subside there so I think we're
facing challenging conditions uh there
could be further challenges with gas oil
insurance premiums so we have to find
innovative ways in our company to get
more innovative to get more efficient to
bring in more automation
>> to digitize our company further Um so we
push our company to the hilt and uh it's
all about at the end of the day you know
we are not exactly in the luxury sector
of the clothing but we're in a very good
sector we make for customers like
Uniglow where I have a lot of respect
for their quality and the value of the
product that they provide. So we we have
to make sure that we maintain that value
for our customer and find ways to
mitigate some of the disruptions that we
face every day. M
>> I hope things get better like all of us
do uh and doesn't go into an extreme
situation uh because the consumer will
resist an increase. Um it's not it's not
something that in the current economy
the consumer with the interest rates
with the way inflations are going up are
structured to spend more money from
their pockets.
How are you and your customers including
some of these biggest brands how how are
they weathering the tariff uncertainties
right now and are you expecting any
lowering of tariffs from the US anytime
soon?
>> Well, I've since the first day the
tariff came I was talking about one
country Bangladesh it started with
>> ex number the next thing it was 10%.
>> A month later it was 39%.
3 months later they went in January they
negotiated to 19%. I was flying back
from New York and the morning I landed
they said it's 10%. A week later they
said the 10% is gone. So this is all
happened in 6 to 8 months. Jewels one
day good one day bad. Where do I see
these tariffs going? I think my guess is
good as anybody else's guess.
>> Uh but if there are tariffs we're going
to have to deal with it. And that is why
we are a multi- geography supply chain.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh we provide synthetics from Jordan
because it's duty-free for America. It
lowers the blow on the tariff. We're in
places like Bangladesh where core
fashion is affordable. Uh we're in India
because we offer a different value of
products in India. So for us constantly
we are going to have to find ways to you
know avoid that tariff getting in the
way of our doing business. M
>> you just opened that that factory in
India um the manufacturing unit in
Odisha. What's the business case for for
India for you now?
>> Well, you know I'm Indian. I've lived 45
years in Hong Kong.
>> Yes.
>> So, first of all, very happy to be back
in India and do something for my roots.
>> But we wanted to we every factory that
we've built in our life in Epic we say
resilient resilient pursuit of better.
So, every factory we've built, we've
pushed the button. The first time we
bought in Kurt Salman, we got the
gizmos. This this factory that we've
built today is the best that we've built
ever. I can very proudly say it's the
first net zero net carbon facility in
Asia for sure.
>> Uh we have handcrafted this factory. Uh
the temperatures in the city range from
48 to 50°.
>> Uh workers are sitting in that factory
working comfortably.
>> That being said and done, I would really
like to just change subjects for a
minute to talk about ESG.
>> Yeah. Because temperatures are raising
everywhere and we expect our workers to
work in the factories, supply clothing
which is the necessity of life whether
it's to the luxury brands or the premium
brands and how how they expect to work
in those conditions when we see
temperatures going to a different level.
>> That is the reason why we build this
factory in the hope that other people
will come and see these factories.
They'll see what we've done from a
technology standpoint
>> and build further factories like this
because we believe that the apparel
industry is the industry that creates
the maximum number of jobs. Most of the
companies have started with apparel as
their foundation. So this is an industry
to create this is the factory to create
respect for this industry. We're very
proud of it. How much does your cost or
and do you expect your cost to go up to
as you upgrade to your point and to
consider things like it's just getting
warmer out there and just for the
benefit of your employees and do you are
you not fearful that you're pricing
yourself out in terms of competition?
>> Uh that was the first question asked by
me by the chairman of Uniglo when I went
there. I said you've built such a you
built a Ferrari. I said it's not a
Ferrari. I'm I'm on right now I'm on 3.7
megawatt solar energy. I have I have no
carbon. I recycle all my water.
>> I have I have a 5year ROI on my energy.
I have a threeear ROI on my Italian
washing machines. So, this is not about
ESG to do for show or or for just prove
a point out here, which a lot of people
do. It's really out there. We've
measured the walls. We've seen how the
sunlight comes in. The walls are built
at an angle of 45°. The walls are
insulated with 4 in of fireproofing and
waterproofing. So this is not all about
investment. It's this is the way a
factory has to be in the future.
>> I don't know why we say that this is
what I mean I' I've been in the apparel
industry for 45 years. I started as a
sweat shop tailor son of a tailor tailor
here again. I'm so happy to be here
today to see that factory because I know
our company is going to build better
factories than this and create a lot of
respect for the apparel industry which
does not get the due that it's supposed
to get.
>> It's quite a remarkable journey for you
Ranja. I mean you you started the
company in the 80s after a business trip
to Bangladesh. You started as a textile
trading you know sort of company to
fabric supplier to garment maker.
>> There there's talks of you trying to
boost growth and maybe even a stake sale
right now. There's there's some ongoing
rumors around that. Is that in the plan
here? Right now,
>> we have some great partners. I mean,
people like World Bank and IFC have
supported us. Uh Goldman has been our
adviserss for a long time. So, there are
lot of conversations going around. We
know that we've not really we've got a
lot of wings to yet fly. So, we are
doing things systematically. Uh we might
decide to list our company uh definitely
the India part of it in the near future.
It's a good place to be in. We're
focused on our business. We're focused
on our customer. We're focused on
technology. We're focused on premium
product. Once we keep doing that and if
our numbers and our top line and our aas
grow the way they've been growing for
the last 5, seven years, which is why we
invite attention, well, it won't be hard
decisions to make as to what we want to
do. I personally would not make that
decision. I'm a very good tailor, a
modern tailor. I have very good
professionals who help us make those
financial decisions for us.
>> Well, I mean, how close are you to
listing in India since you since you
brought it up?
>> Well, it's definitely on our road map.
>> Okay, fantastic.
>> Yeah,
>> thank thank you so much.
>> Thank you for your time. Pleasure.
>> Let's do let's do this again. Your very
nice jacket by the way.
>> Thank you. Thank you so much.
>> Just got to say a good
>> tell you a brand called look up a brand
called Penny Palmer. Very good. Not very
not very well on but fantastic premium
and clothing.
>> I love it. Okay, I'll I'll give you my
watch. I'm just kidding.
>> I can have
I need an upgrade.
>> It's all good. Ranjan, thank you so
much. Raja Manani there, founder and
chairman of Epic Group.
>> Um it it's [music] great. We always like
a nice suit. David always likes a nice
suit. Uh Ben,
>> I'm kind of bad. Coming up, we're going
to get a view his take on really what
came out from this Trump [music] she
summit. What was delivered from someone
with direct experience in trade disputes
and negotiations between the two
superpowers. The [music] former USR
lawyer joins us next. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Coming out of of this week, you heard
the president today [music] talk about
uh the Boeings and you know hundreds of
Boeings being purchased by China. Uh we
already have a soybean deal with them
from our prior meetings of 25 million
metric tonses a year over the next 3
years and we [music] expect to also see
an agreement for uh doubledigit billion
purchases of over the next 3 years per
year. We want to focus on non-sensitive
[music] goods we think we should be
selling them things we things we think
we should be buying from them trying to
facilitate trade in that area. Uh and
then we'll from there uh we'll be able
to interact with our Chinese colleagues
and negotiate with them.
>> US Trade Representative Jameson Greer
speaking to us exclusively in Beijing
earlier this morning. I want to bring in
our senior Asia economics and government
correspondent Rebecca Chong Wilkins now
who also helped lead Bloomberg's
coverage of the Trump Summit. She joins
us now from Singapore. Rebecca certainly
was a busy day for all of us yesterday.
What's the team working on today and
really what what came out of this
summit?
Well, I think day two does shift the
tone a little bit. We are now looking
for more of those concrete deliverables.
Yesterday, of course, very warm words,
heavy on the symbolism when we look at
that visit to the temple of heaven and
dribbs and drabs. So, we had Greer there
talking about billions of dollars worth
of agricultural deals, but as my
colleague Jason pointed out, probably
not new ones when it comes to soybeans.
Uh these uh beef is another early winner
here as well. Um but semiconductors have
not come up as a major sticking point
and a major talking point in the way
that it was hoped for. Um and of course
some reaction now to Trump's most recent
comments on the straight of Hormuz. So
certainly still looking for any evidence
of a real reset.
>> All right. Uh that's a good way to kind
of bring in our next guest. Uh Ben
Kasheva there international trade
investment partner at Hogan Levelvels.
He is a former assistant general counsel
at the office of the US trade
representative. Uh Ben, it's great to
have you here.
>> Pleasure to be here.
>> I'm sure you've been watching of all the
the pageantry, the pomp and all that and
circumstance. I mean, overall your take
on what happened in Beijing.
>> Well, I think uh the summit benefited
from low expectations, but it's overall
been successful. We've seen a lot of po,
not a lot of change in circumstances,
but that pomp matters too. uh especially
when you look back at when Trump was
coming into office, the expectations
that the USChina relationship would be a
lot more confrontational. Now you're
seeing two sides working together trying
to resolve uh common problems but also
common interests.
>> Ben, Rebecca here. I mean, in some ways,
when we see Trump and she interacting,
it is a bit of a throwback to 2017 and
the warmth and sort of personality of
that relationship. I'm wondering how
much does that kind of leader chemistry
actually still matter given the sort of
structural fundamental structural
adversarial nature of the relationship
between China and the US.
Someone told me a long time ago that uh
governance comes down to four Ps of
policy, politics, process, but also
people. And so I think having positive
relationships at the highest of levels
and being able to resolve differences
because there's trust is very very
helpful. You got to remember all these
people are jetlagged and coming to a
strange place and uh trying their best
to uh to to have positive relationships.
So if there's a level of trust either
between Trump and she or everyone else
in the delegation that helps a lot.
>> Throwing this forward a little bit about
to the delegation. What happens next? I
mean the Trump administration once
talked about fundamentally reshaping the
Chinese economy. Now that focus is much
narrower. It's about preserving trade.
It's about getting some of those exports
of of soybeans and beef and so on. To
what extent has the trade the Trump
administration significantly reduced and
paired back its ambitions when it comes
to China and how does that change the
reality on the ground when it comes to
negotiations for businesses?
>> I think it's a recognition that China's
model is here to stay and for decades
there's that has been a big part of
those negotiations with little success.
Now we're starting to see a more
realistic relationship between the two
countries where they say we can trade in
these areas. We can try to resolve
common differences, continue to invest,
but we're not going to try to
fundamentally change either side. So in
some ways it's less ambitious, but in
other ways it's more realistic and
perhaps more uh more successful to make
positive changes in the relationship.
It seems like when it came to chips, I
mean Jameson Gri mentioned in that
interview that it wasn't really that
prominent in these talks here right now.
What sort of clarity do we still need
really here whether China is actually
willing to take some of these advanced
chips from?
>> Yeah, I uh I I think I saw just as I was
coming on that Secretary Bent said
something about we'll sell the H200
chips if they're willing to buy them.
And of course, we've seen stalling uh on
the Chinese side to allow them in. And
so for a while it was about the United
States not selling them. Now it's
whether or not China will buy them. So
it remains one of those fundamental
issues. All of the export control rules
which I work on every day are very very
complicated. Um but also the policy
around them uh uh is challenging too.
>> Ben, I mean to pick up on your point
there, you advise companies that are
caught in the crosshairs of this every
day. I think 60 IPOs perhaps would be
right at my my last count. Um, what are
executives actually most worried about
these days? Is it tariffs? Is it Taiwan?
Is it something else? And does this
meeting actually move the needle for
them?
>> Yeah, I think that this meeting creates
a new floor on USChina relations. So,
you know, we saw from 2017 up until the
end of 2025 a continued devolution of
the USChina relationship. Hopefully,
this summit uh leads to a force and
people can take uh a sigh of relief that
it's not going to get worse that where
we're not truly decoupling, companies
are not having to choose sides of China
and the United States. But that said,
there are a lot of problems that can
come up. I work every day in conflict of
laws scenarios between the United States
and China. The US sanctions, China's
anti-forign sanctions law, export
controls, outbound investment reviews,
CPHAS. So there's a lot of ways in which
uh US, Chinese and companies around the
world can still get caught up in this uh
legal and regulatory mess. So I think
those have not gone away even if the
overall picture has gotten a little
clearer.
And for those companies from a sort of
ground level, what's the make or break
issue here when it comes to that USChina
negotiation? What is it that they really
need to see? And do you think there's
any possibility that we do actually see
that delivered? Maybe not from this
meeting, but through the rest of this
year.
I think as if these meetings continue to
go well and we avoid any flash points
and crises whether it's Taiwan, South
China Sea or other issues and that
you're able to maintain the Busousan
truce on tariffs and rare earths if
these meetings lead to actual
deliverables on other issues like
technology, AI, trade. If this board of
trade uh idea gets off the ground, then
you'll see companies being able to
invest more heavily and not feel like
the the ground's going to come out from
under them.
>> You mentioned Taiwan. I think everyone
is parsing through this this readout
that came through from Beijing while the
two leaders were meeting that maybe this
is a new threat of some sort. Some say
maybe not. I mean, this is what you hear
from Beijing rhetoric all the time. But
do you think how do you think China is
going to approach any sort of sort of I
guess irritance I guess
>> in in this whole relationship moving
forward?
>> Yeah. Well, I think um uh she stated
current policy perhaps more clearly than
he has before, but it was still current
policy and like the reaction in the
domestic area in China was much more
muted in in the West. it was seen as a
threat and it's in the on the headlines
of every newspaper right now and that's
the takeaway from what is otherwise a
very friendly summit and so I don't
think it's a change in policy on China.
I think if anything the risks of a
conflict over Taiwan have diminished
over the last 12 months. Uh I think you
see uh the United States changing its
policies to some degree and China
appears to also be more willing to be
patient with Taiwan which has been their
policy for decades now. So I think it's
uh of all the things you can worry about
in this fairly volatile world, Taiwan
might be one that you can be like,
"Okay, maybe this is not just it's going
to happen immediately." Of course, I
have no crystal ball and there could be
problems, but um I I think about it a
little less and and I advise my clients
on supply chain issues a little less on
that issue.
>> Ben, it's great to have you here in our
studio. Ben Kosv there, international
trade investment partner at Hogan
Levels. And of course, our thanks to
Rebecca Wilkins joining us out of
Singapore. We have much more on the
Trump. Summit coming up on Insight with
Hesinda Amen live out of Beijing. She's
going to speak with the former US
[music] trade representative Katherine
Thai and the director of the National
Committee of US and China [music]
relations. This is Bloomberg.
All right, we're [music] just getting
some lines crossing here when it comes
to uh MOA here. So, we're just coming
through on comments on Iran particular.
So, Beijing is now saying the war should
not continue.
>> Um, and that's really the latest here
and China to contribute to Middle East
peace and they are also urging to solve
the Iran nuclear issue through dialogue.
So, Ministry of Foreign Affairs
commenting here maybe on the back of
what we heard from President Trump
saying that, you know, China was willing
to help out in the whole Iran situation.
getting a little bit more clarity on
maybe what that means.
>> Yeah, I the position has remained very
consistent. I mean we are if if any we
are getting slightly more meat in the
bun and something actually that our
guest earlier Wuimbo actually flagged in
as far as how they can they meaning
China can help of course and as far as
this is concerned [music] uh but yes at
least for now this is encouraging news
markets though are going the opposite
way perhaps to other things uh involved.
That's it from us here on the China
show. [music] We have lots more coming
of course here on Bloomber television.
We will see you all on Monday. This is
Bloomberg.